<script type="text/javascript" src="http://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=default"></script>

An Introduction to Speech Recognition
==============================

The information contained in the speech signal can be represented by a set of parameters which has to be measured in short intervals of time to reflect the dynamic change of those parameters.

Classification task can be solved by several approaches. One of the easiest is to select several of the feature vectors for each of our classes and to declare the selected vectors as "prototypes" representing their class.

The classification of an unknown vector is accomplished as follows: Measure the distance of the unknown vector to all classes. Then assign the unknown vector to the class with the smallest distance. The distance of the unknown vector to a given class is defined as the smallest distance between the unknown vector and all of the prototypes representing the given class.

Speech signal is represented by a series of feature vectors which are computed every 10ms. A whole word will comprise dozens of those vectors, and the number of vectors of a word will depend on how fast a person is speaking. In speech recognition, we have to classify not only single vectors, but sequences of vectors.

Compute all the distances between the unknown vector sequence and the class prototypes in parallel is possible since the DTW algorithm needs only the values for time index t and (t-1) and there is no need to wait until the utterance of the unknown vector sequence is completed. Instead, one can start with the recognition process immediately as soon as the utterance begins.

Now we introduced an additional "virtual" grid point together with a specialized local path alternative for this point: The possible predecessors for this point are defined to be the upper-right grid points f the individual grid matrices of the prototypes. In other words, the virtural grid point can only be reached from the end of each prototype word, and among all the possible prototype words, the one with the smallest accumulated distance is chosen.

Bayes Classification. The task of classifying isolated words can now be verbalized as: Assign the unknown utterance to certain class, to which the unknown utterance "belongs" to with the highest probability.

Using Bayes' equation

github提交
==================================================
从github上clone一个reposity，修改了东西并push，在contributions上没有显示
除了在push时需要输入用户名和密码外，还需要配置git email:
git config user.email ...


Latex公式
==================================================
- 将公式独放一行居中: 首尾分别放置双$
$$x=\frac{-b\pm\sqrt{b^2-4ac}}{2a}$$

- 将公式和文字放在同一行内，首尾分别放置"双反斜杠+("，\\(x=\frac{-b\pm\sqrt{b^2-4ac}}{2a}\\)

- 分数形式, a `\above 1pt` b
$$a \above 1pt b$$

- 带括号的分数形式， a `\abovewithdelims () 1pt` b
$$a \abovewithdelims () 1pt b$$

- 头顶各种特殊符号
`\hat{a}`
$$\hat{a}$$
`\tilde{a}`
$$\tilde{a}$$
`\acute{a}`
$$\acute{a}$$
`\bar{a}`
$$\bar{a}$$
`\breve{a}`
$$\breve{a}$$
`\check{a}`
$$\check{a}$$
`\dot{a}`
$$\dot{a}$$
`\ddot{a}`
$$\ddot{a}$$
`\grave{a}`
$$\grave{a}$$
`\vec{a}`
$$\vec{a}$$
`\widehat{a}`
$$\widehat{a}$$

- 公式中的变量
`\imath`
$$\imath$$
`\jmath`
$$\jmath$$

- 各种奇怪的符号
`\aleph`
$$\aleph$$
`\alpha`
$$\alpha$$
`\amalg`
$$\amalg$$
`\And`
$$\And$$